so you have a season's greetings from
all of us here and David quiso puppet
troupe in 2012 and happy apocalypse hey
there is no apocalypse well you never
know the day is still young
happy holidays probably leave it a clown
let's kick off this christmas season
without burning
well we did the flag not work it
completely broke away plane see that's
what you get for buying from the dollar
store
cheap crap how could that possibly
happen
how could my gang gun not work it's
really gonna be the other the oil does
its method we're all out of soy milk
somebody stole my litter box everybody's
freaking out all over nothing yeah it's
already tomorrow with off and earlier
they're doing just fine yeah there's no
end of the world coming up those Mayans
had it wrong so buddy why is it that
you're not hibernating right now well
just in case the end of the world
happened I wanted to spend my last 40
boyfriends
okay so you were superstitious too huh
girl so glad to have you here for the
holidays buddy since today is believed
to be the end of the world
I could need you to make a very large
dinner so that way everybody will feel
like they're getting their fill of their
last meal just in these puppets acting
so ridiculous
they've all been so good this year but
if there really is going to be some sort
of apocalypse that I'm just a figment of
everyone's imagination wait a minute we
have side dishes seasonings and pastas
mashed potatoes are good but I need
something for remain course but would
really